In this lecture we will learn about 2-D animation and see SS to transform property allows us to move
rotate scale and skew elements by animating this property on our HVM elements we can make our elements
move on our webpage.
Let's start by creating a blue box on our page.
We will add a development to our Web page and Starla to have a width and height of 100 pixels and a
background color of blue.
We will then Center the div on our Web page horizontally by giving the margin left in margin right properties
of value of auto.
We will also add a 50 pixel margin at the top.
Next we will write the code for our animation we will specify that the animation will go from a rotation
of zero degrees to a rotation of 360 degrees.
We will link this animation to our element by adding the animation name and animation duration properties
to the style of our div..
We will use the animation iteration count property and specify a value of infinite to make the animation
repeat endlessly.
We will add the animation timing function property and give it a value of linear to give our animation
a consistent speed.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code or blue square now rotates 360 degrees on the web page.
Let's jump back to the editor.
Let's take a look at animating our square using translate as opposed to Rotti.
We will change that to and from lines in our animation code to use translate instead of Rotti then we
will go to the web browser and run our code now our block moves back and forth on our Web page.
Let's go back to the editor.
Next we will look at how we can animate the scale of an HMO element we will change our animation code
to go from point 1 or 10 percent scale to 1.0 or 100 percent scale then we will go to the web browser
and run our code as you can see the scale of our object now animates from 10 percent to 100 percent.
Let's jump back to the editor.
We can also animate the skew of our square.
We will change our animation code to animate the skew from 40 degrees to negative 40 degrees.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code as you can see the skew of our square is animated
from 40 degrees to negative 40 degrees and the next lecture we will learn about 3-D animation and see
SS.